1.
Question 1
The hourglass model for structuring effective business presentations suggests you should:

Answer    begin your presentation with motivating context and end with your business recommendation


2.
Question 2
Which of the following items are NOT story elements you can use in a business presentation?

Answer    Relevance


3.
Question 3
The storyboarding process includes:

Answer      all of the above

4.
Question 4
According to the psychology literature, if the business recommendation you are going to make in a business presentation is likely to be controversial, you should order the stem of your presentation hourglass so that the:

Answer      least controversial point is presented first.

5.
Question 5
The logical fallacy of overgeneralization can be avoided by removing outliers and rows with missing data.


Answer    FALSE
6.
Question 6
To test whether a certain advertising campaign would work, an analytics team sorts their customer list from lowest to highest customer ID number, and then sends their advertisement to the first 1000 customers on the list. The rest of the customers did not receive any advertisements that week. When analyzing the results of the campaign one week later, the analytics team realized that there was a previously unknown pattern in the customer ID numbers: the lower the customer number, the longer the person had been a customer. Thus, the customers who received the advertisement were the individuals who had been customers with the company the longest. The analytics team decided the test was invalid and needed to be repeated. The reason for their decision was that analyzing the results in their current form would result in the following logical fallacy (or fallacies):

Answer      Over-generalization

7.
Question 7
When two variables are correlated, one variable does not cause the other variable.


Answer      False

8.
Question 8
The best way to understand the nature of a relationship between two variables is to run a test.

Answer    True


9.
Question 9
Which of these charts would be the best way to display how Smartphone sales have changed over time?

Answr     Chart B
10.
Question 10
When you want to represent very detailed and nuanced information about continuous variables, given humans’ ability to perceive relative differences along different kinds of visual attributes, which of the following attributes should you exploit in your visualizations? Choose the best 2 options.
ANswer    Length
          Position 
          

11.
Question 11
If you are in a situation where you MUST use colorbars to represent detailed information about a continuous variable, you should:

Answer      use a gray scale that goes from black to white.

12.
Question 12
Visualizations for persuasion should: (Choose all that apply)

Answrer       show selected pieces of data.
            show the visualizations in an order that helps your audience evaluate the options clearly.
              direct your audience’s eyes to the precise points of the data that support your argument.

13.
Question 13
Data-ink refers to:

Answer      the ink that refer to data in graph


Correct
Edward Tufte, a statistician and political scientist who became a pioneer in data visualization, coined the term when he began using the phrase “Maximize the data-ink ratio.”

14.
Question 14
It’s a good idea to apply the rule of thirds to: (Choose all that apply)


ANswer        Transition slides
              Slides illustrating stories
              Soft break slides
              Slides meant to catch your audience’s attention


15.
Question 15
Effective presentation techniques include:


Answer      all of the above

Correct
Correct! All of these techniques will greatly improve how your presentation is received.

16.
Question 16
A hospital was having problems with the amount of time employees with direct care responsibilities were absent from work. Due to the high levels of absenteeism, patient satisfaction was declining, 20% of patient-related work was not getting done, and 47% of non-patient work was not getting done. At the advice of a consulting company, the hospital implemented a positive incentive system that would allow all employees to convert up to 24 hours of unused sick time into additional pay or more vacation days in order to reduce absenteeism. After 6 months of implementing the program, the hospital analysts calculated that absentee rates declined an average of 11.5 hours per employee, and concluded that the program was successful in this company. Did the hospital analysts commit any logical fallacies when arriving at their conclusion, and if so, which fallacy (or fallacies)?


Answer      Lack of controls
