1.
Question 1
Which of the following is NOT an example of a business metric?
Answer      The New York State sales tax rate.

2.
Question 2
Which of the following business metrics is an example of a revenue metric?

Answer      Rental prices of apartment leases by locations

3.
Question 3
Which of the following business metrics is an example of a profitability metric?
Answer      How many fresh baked cakes have to be thrown away at the end of the day unsold

4.
Question 4
Which of the following business metrics is an example of a risk metric?

Answer    Monthly negative cash flow for a start-up


Question 5
Identify which category the following business metric belongs to:

Units sales segmented by new and recurring customer
Asnswer   Revenue metric


6.
Question 6
The amount an airline spends on aviation fuel each month is what type of metric?
Answer    Profitability metric



7.
Question 7
An airline’s daily flight from Phoenix to New York is usually full, except for flights on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. What is the first change the airline should try?

Answer    Offer discounts for Tuesday and Wednesday flights to customers.


Question 8
The case above (Question 7) is an example of a ______ metric.

Answer    Profitability

9.
Question 9
One online shopping business found that 20% of shoppers quit during the checkout process without buying anything. A good next step would be:

Answer    When the reason that shoppers are dropping out of an online checkout is unknown, concluding that shoppers don’t understand the process well enough, are having second thoughts because prices are too high, or are simply irritated and need an apology, would be nothing more than a guess. A much better approach is to determine the real factors influencing dropout rates. This can be done through randomized experiments known as “A/B” Testing.

Shoppers are randomly assigned to one of two groups: a group using the current process, and a group where minor changes are made to the process which may improve customer retention. Changes that result in significant improvement are kept, and others discarded. The video, Revenue Metrics: Amazon.com as a Leading Example of the Use of Dynamic Metrics – Part 2 at 3:23-4:46 discusses Amazon as an example of the sophisticated use of A/B testing for revenue optimization.

10.
Question 10
The average number of days inventory is held should be minimized for ALL of the following reasons EXCEPT ________.
Answer    Customers are frustrated if something they want is not in stock


11.
Question 11
What is the estimated days inventory of Company X based on the information below?

Company X’s annual report listed a year-end inventory of $35.4 million, and annual cost of goods sold of $137.9 million.

Answer      93.7 days

12.
Question 12
A company sells its services “Net 60.” If it delivers the goods and provides an invoice in March, when can the company expect to be paid?
Answer    May

13.
Question 13
The primary reason Egger's Roast Coffee ran out of cash was:

Answer      Unsold inventory


Question 14
To be a best-seller on Amazon, your book needs to...
Answer      Be one of the top selling books in its Amazon topic subcategories


15.
Question 15
Amazon’s “frequently bought with” feature _________.

Answer  Is optimized to maximize Amazon’s revenues

