1.
Question 1
The “Sharpe Ratio” is:
Answer      A revenue metric divided by a risk metric


2.
Question 2
Actual CPC, divided by the conversion rate, is the revenue metric:

Answer    Acquisition Cost


3.
Question 3
Which of the following as NOT a demographic for which one can purchase targeted advertising?

Answer    Future Customer


4.
Question 4
The metric referred to as an “organic link” tells us that a visitor to our site came from:

Answer    Directly typed in the url address of our site

5.
Question 5
Some step in “search engine optimization” or SEO, are: (check all that apply)
Answer    Make sure our content is current, substantive and directly relevant
          Get third-party websites with authoritative reputations and substantive
          Increase our social signal by increasing our facebook likes
          Increase links to our website from all possible third-party websites

6.
Question 6
The Internal Rate of Return must be used to calculate returns, when:

Answer    There are several methods that can be used, but a single method is preferred


Question 7
In finance, it is useful to know both the return, and the volatility of return, of an investment, because:

Answer    Returns can always be increased through leverage (borrowing money to make a portion of the investment) but this increases volatility, so returns cannot be evaluated in isolation, absent knowledge of their accompanying volatility.


8.
Question 8
Why is relying upon the Life Time Value (LTV) of a customer when determining web ad spending potentially risky?

Answer    Life Time Value does not take into account the high negative cash flow associated with initial customer acquisition; cash that it may take years to recoup.
9.
Question 9
In theory, an investor could generate any target return, simply by borrowing money to make a portion of the investment, and investing in an instrument that returns more than the risk-free rate. However, doing this would also:

Answer    Increase volatility of returns over the original instrument at the same rate that it increases excess returns.


10.
Question 10
The “Expense Ratio” is a profitability/efficiency metric - the money spent on operating a passive fund, divided by the total market value of the fund assets.

What expense associated with the fund is NOT included in the money spent operating the fund in calculating the expense ratio?

Answer    Brokerage fees the fund pays to buy and sell assets


11.
Question 11
If active fund managers picked their portfolios from an Index “universe” at random, weighted them by relative market capitalization, and held them for a given time interval, what percentage of managers would be expected to out-perform the Index return, before taking their fees into account?

Answer    50%


12.
Question 12
Why is it considered undesirable for a fund manager to have a large tracking error?

Answer      Tracking error is a kind of risk metric – it implies wide variation from the appropriate benchmark
13.
Question 13
What is the most established metric for evaluating Venture Capital and Private Equity Funds?
Answer    Internal Rate of Return (IRR)


14.
Question 14
Why would investors in hedge funds typically want performance that has low correlation to the major equity markets?

Answer    Hedge fund investors typically also invest large amounts of capital in major equity markets, and target the highest possible risk-adjusted return on their combined portfolio.

15.
Question 15
On what measures are Mutual Fund Managers primarily judged relative to their benchmark?

Answer      Excess return and tracking error

